doc: add symbol upload protocol specification (#31)
elastic/otel-profiling-agent: docs/symb-proto/README.md

Elastic symbolization protocol
==============================

## `symbfile` format

`symbfile` is our custom file format for efficiently storing large amounts of
symbol information. A symbfile is a concatenation of length- and message-type
prefixed protobuf messages. The purpose of a symbfile is to provide a mapping
from each address in an executable to the corresponding function name, file name
and line number, including support for inline functions. One or more symbfiles
always describe just one executable. Recording associations of one or more
symbfiles with an executable (e.g. via a file hash) is left to other components.

We currently use two different symbol information representations:

- **Range based records ([`RangeV1`])**\

>   These map an address range to symbol information and a `depth` integer that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These map an ELF virtual address range to symbol information and a `depth` integer that
```

  given address, the user would sweep though the whole symbfile and collect all
  ranges that contain the desired address and then ordering the resulting range
  records by their `depth` field. This presents the ground truth for symbol
  information. 
- **Return pad records ([`ReturnPadV1`])**\
  These map a single address to the symbols of a full inline trace. We generate
  such records for each instruction following a `call`. The idea here is that
  when building stack traces all but the last frame will have addresses that
  point to such return addresses. Special casing these allows the symbolization
  service to proactively insert all symbols for all non-leaf frames which then
  massively reduces the amount of frames that need to be symbolized lazily.

While the symbfile format would generally also allow mixing both record types
into a single file, we currently always generate a separate symbfile per record
kind. 

More details about the format itself can be found in the documentation comments
of the [protobuf definition][symbfile-proto].

[`RangeV1`]: ./symbfile.proto#L120
[`ReturnPadV1`]: ./symbfile.proto#L212

> [symbfile-proto]: ./symbfile.proto

Author: No: the link on line 37 refers to this "destination definition" (not sure what the proper Markdown terminology is here, but essentially it provides an alias for a URL). Arguably this link is so short that it could be inlined now: in the monorepo this used to be a long permalink, hence pulling it out.

| FileID         | Base64 encoded FileID  | `FileID: d--nFqkSpJIXRFeHMp_Smg`                                                     |
| FilePart       | Part number 0..N-1     | `FilePart: 1`                                                                        |
| FileParts      | Number of parts N,     | `FileParts: 5`                                                                       |
| Content-Length | Length of body         | `Content-Length: 735912`                                                             |
| Authorization  | Contains an API key    | `Authorization: APIKey QzJqQ1Q0WUI1NlR0QVl4NTlZcXg6Y0xhcFN1S2tTSXlyTFlNTUloclJvdw==` |

### Response

The response to an upload request is JSON formatted.

A successful upload sets the HTTP status code to 200. The response body looks
like this

```json
{
  "success": true,
  "status": 200
}
```

In the failure case, the HTTP status code is 4xx or 5xx. The response body
explains the failure in greater detail, like for example:

```json
{
  "success": false,
  "uuid": "f1ada52e-d705-423f-a1b0-fc054eb8900e",
  "error": {
    "Code": "1000",
    "Text": "Something went wrong on our side."
  },
  "status": 400
}
```

> `uuid` allows logically connecting user reports and logs. So error reports from
> the user side that contain the UUID allows finding the logs needed for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`uuid` allows logically connecting user reports and logs: error reports from
the user that contain the UUID allow finding the logs needed for
```
